he hopes you're hurting that's the best
person I do it on Risa yes sir
general manager he is the bus boy you're
not the general manager I just assumed
their own are you soon justice a new
sweater
yes I'm [ __ ] myself he's the he's
the bus man and I fired him and let me
explain to you all
you fought fighting for because he told
me that he was more important than me
and he got me on a bad day and I got
upset and I fired him sir so you know
what he did he got an umbrella cause it
was raining that day you got an umbrella
yes and he would walk by and look in
like if any sad puppy and like this poor
guy so I I took him back I took him back
and I would just let him tell him sorry
manager for everything that Pat does
right he does five things wrong go now
go oh god he's so [ __ ] crazy that
it's like is it really worth even having
a meow he's but it is I love that that's
good enough he doesn't feed him because
he's gluten-free right he's so full of
[ __ ] he eats oh he's like winning it
away well he's got that great metabolism
I wish I had it but we do feed and
please don't think we don't feed the
staff non-stop okay okay enjoy let's see
how many takes the food yet oh my god
Wow why are you doing
he's out of my sight nope Oh make new
yorkese accent and it's all homemade
ah yes I'd know yes I know what frozen
come on but there homie that's why the
home agent frozen good that's a really
thank you
[Music]
please a little smile a little smile
anything at all please eat it's not
preparation [ __ ] my peoples rubbery
bland and just pretty this solid almost
like a golf ball nicely written yes two
seconds Oh police you can come as well
star hide behind the cop was she
what you drinking so the meatballs are
like firm solid and just like dried
bland but they're made here well we make
them and then we freeze them because we
don't want to run out of meatball yeah
when they last up two to three days in
the fridge and the difference in having
them say and cooked in the sauce rather
than defrosted difference night and day
this is the beginning of the end
about 20 minutes ago I was wondering
what I you know what I got myself into
this is not good I'm scared I'm scared
general manager slash shoe salesman
leaving our Hamas needle